#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.3.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.1.0
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==22.10.26
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.13.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.50.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.16.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.21.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.4.7
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via black
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via black
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.3
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.19.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.5
    # via pandas
pywin32==304
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.0
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
